App documentation - "Travmedia":

Overview:
    "Travmedia" is an Android mobile app created and developed by Ruben Rudov.
    The app is for travelers who want to share their knowledge about everything that connected to traveling such as:
    traveling equipment, hiking trails, tips and receipts for outdoor cooking and so on...
    The app is user friendly and it's registration for new users is very simply, the user have to provide only 3 elements:
    his preferred username, email and preferred password.


Activities:
-----------
Welcome screen:
    Includes 3 elements: background image and 2 buttons.
    The first button redirects to the registration page for new users.
    The second button redirects to the login page for registered users.
    The background picture is a randomly selected picture from the BackgroundHandling's array pf links -
    - the app uses the Glide module (the module's use is displaying pictures from the app resources, the internet and more..) -
    for displaying the background.


Register screen:
    Includes 5 elements: background image, 3 edit texts (input boxes) for user input and submit button.
    Edittexts: Username, Email and Password.
    Button: standard submit button.
    The background picture is a randomly selected picture from the BackgroundHandling's array pf links -
    - the app uses the Glide module (the module's use is displaying pictures from the app resources, the internet and more..) -
    for displaying the background.


Login screen:
    Includes 4 elements: background image, 2 edit texts (input boxes) for user input and submit button.
    Edittexts: Username and Password.
    Button: standard submit button.
    The background picture is a randomly selected picture from the BackgroundHandling's array pf links -
    - the app uses the Glide module (the module's use is displaying pictures from the app resources, the internet and more..) -
    for displaying the background.


Home screen:
    Includes a recycler view of posts (each post is based on Post.java class)
    onClickItem of post will open a dialog with the whole information of the post (the recyclerview item
    shows only detailed information...).
    In this activity data will be taken from the database through the server.


Navigator screen:
    Includes a view of a google maps map with searching option (Input box)
    onClick submit button of the input box -> searching the location (in version 1.0).
    Optional addition is including a direction routing system as a part of this feature.


Post uploading screen:
    Includes a view with 2 Input boxes, the first for a title and the second for content
    In this activity data will be inserted into the database through the server.
    In a more advanced version the app would stand in picture uploading.


Data models:
-------------
User:
    Each User has 3 String properties: username, email and password.


Post:
    Each Post has 4 String properties: publisher, title, content and uploading date & time.


Handlers and Adapters:
----------------------
BackgroundHandling:
    Class for randomizing backgrounds in the visitor-session screens (Welcome, Register and Login).
    The handler is optional, if the phone is not responding to the glide module functions then,
    the background will be the default background (main/res/drawable/camp.png)


DataHelper:
    Class for supporting data transfer between the client and the server.


PostAdapter:
    Class for handling the recycler view.


Menu:
-----
    The menu has 3 items which represent the 3 activities that available for logged in users: Navigator, Home and Upload.
    This is a bottom navigation bar built with using of the next library: 'com.google.android.material:material:1.2.1'



P.S - for class documentation you can see the tables in "com.travmedia.documentations.charts_and_table"


More ideas for next version: Weather by countries (USA - LA, NYC, Miami,
                                                    Canada - Vancouver & Toronto,
                                                    Israel - TLV, Jerusalem,
                                                    Russia - Moscow, St petersburg
                                                    Japan - Tokyo
                                                    Italy - Rome)....
